After he ran out that day
Because of excessive sadness
mental illness
So make a fool of yourself
It's all my fault
Shouldn't ignore his explanation
Where is he now?
Said he was dead
I don't believe it.
Is he in the hospital now?
Tell me which hospital he is in.
Tell me where he is
What's the use of telling you
In your eyes
All white is just an ugly, fat woman
If you just want to express your compassion
No need.
He's doing great.
Don't need you
I'm not trying to express my pity.
I love him.
I have always loved the one who is by my side
Accompany me
People who have been through lows
The person who sings me a lullaby when I can't sleep at night
No matter whether he is rich or poor, beautiful or ugly
I don't care.
If you had known that that woman was a buckwheat
wheat
But he was ugly and fat.
Will you still love him?
I will definitely
I don't believe there are so many beautiful women around you
How can you fall in love with buckwheat?
No.
You know
The most important thing around me is beautiful women
All I need is the buckwheat that can sing me to sleep
wheat